I have to say this looks great thank you
a slight saltiness and the minimum of
chew on that pancetta bacon and then you
are into sweet scallop that picks up the
lemon it is clean refreshing it is
absolutely bursting with flavor and that
is a dish worthy of a restaurant really
poverty court scallop the acidity of the
tomato works a joy with the scallop it
was a joy with the bus out was a joy
with the garlic and all together it's a
joy will her own interpretation of beef
wellington with creamed savoy cabbage
mashed potato and an oxtail and port jus
be as impressive deep soft meaty creamy
rich I don't want to go overboard but
that may be one of the best dishes I've
ever tasted
master chef that is absolutely out of
this world oh my god really
I am truly truly knocked out by that
that is incredible Liz good thank you
some of the best mash we've seen in a
very long time silky smooth beautifully
seasoned absolutely perfect and most
professional chefs be very very proud to
put in the restaurant your mushrooms are
seasoned beautifully you feel the beef
is cooked beautifully your sauce is rich
and deep and delicious I think it's
pretty fantastic
you must be chuffed for pudding she's
made a sticky toffee creme brulee with a
sticky toffee sauce burnt sugar on the
top caramel vanilla toffee nice flavors
Liz
that is gorgeous that's delicious
because it's got the sweetness of the
caramel it's got the sweetness of the
toffee it's extraordinary it just puts a
huge smile on my face that you are
actually cooking like this thank you
it's been a really really fabulous
feeling to know that I've come such a
long way if they said that I was the
winner that would be beyond amazing
honestly I would be definitely in tears
most definitely
when it matters the most has Andy
produced three courses bursting with
flavor for a starter he's made flash
grilled oysters with spinach shallots
garlic bacon and cream rich rich
delicious oysters iron-rich spinach the
garlic is in there the cream just makes
Appaloosa soft it is fan fantastic love
it love it love it love it well it
happens every now and again it's not for
me at all
cream mixing him with that natural juice
I like my oysters just a taste of
oysters
will his main course of Wagyu beef with
a mushroom sauce green beans and fondant
potatoes hit the mark potatoes mushrooms
and beans and beef absolute delicious
absolutely sure I think the way you're
cooking Andy you make good good stuff
thank you
slight truffle slight crispness softness
and potato slight butter it's good its
gentle its soft it all works very very
well
his pudding is a blueberry frangipane
topped with a Greek yogurt sorbet with
honey and a blueberry sauce really
sticky almond frangipane in there with
those blueberries the armaments are
quite bitter the blueberries are sour
but yet sweet the sweetness of the
sorbet on top the honey that goes
through the end of it love it love it
good I'm glad oh my word ending and the
it looks like it's gonna be big and
heavy and sticky but naturally it's as
light as a feather
Andy that is an absolute triumph oh that
is gorgeous I think being part of this
whole competition has given me a belief
if I concentrate and I've never been one
for big concentration if I concentrate I
can do anything